Akcess License Agreement version 1.0 for DAO-generator version 1.2


This licence agreement is a binding contract between you and Akcess regarding the above 
mentioned Software. Read the terms of this agreement carefully. By 
installing the Software you accept the terms and conditions of this 
agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this licence agreement, 
delete the entire package immediately.


1. Licence Grant 

a) Akcess grants to you, subject to the following terms and 
conditions, a limited non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use 
the Software. 
b) You must acquire one copy of the Software for each central processing 
unit (CPU) on which the Software will be installed and used. 

c) You must not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify or 
translate the Software or make any attempt to discover the source code 
of the Software or create derivative works from the Software. 

d) You may not duplicate, sell, redistribute, encumber, give, lend, 
rent, lease, sublicense or otherwise transfer the Software or any 
portions of the Software to anyone without the prior written consent of 
Akcess. 

f) All intellectual property rights in the Software and user 
documentation are owned by Akcess. Akcess retains all rights not 
expressly granted. 

2. Updates, Support 

a) This licence does only grant the right to use the Software version as 
specified in this licence agreement. You are not entitled to use any 
update, upgrade or any other new version of the Software, unless you 
acquire a new licence for such new version or the license agreement of 
the new version expressly grants this right. 

b) You may obtain e-mail support as justified in volume and quality by 
the amount you paid for the Software by sending an e-mail with your 
questions regarding the Software to the e-mail address 
support@akcess.in. 

 

